---
title: "Terminology"
categories:
  - documents
  - Article
tags:
  - terminology
---

#### LINE Planet
<span style="font-size: 90%; color:#8FBC8F">
LINE's VoIP platform. Often LINE Planet refers to LINE Planet cloud.<br>
Sometimes this means LINE Planet developers or the team.
</span>


#### Application
<span style="font-size: 90%; color:#8FBC8F">
A client application and server application that use LINE Planet cloud.<br>
Sometimes this means service developers or a team.
</span>

#### SLA
<span style="font-size: 90%; color:#8FBC8F">
Service Layer Agreement. <br>
An application requires the SLA key to integrate LINE Planet.<br>
</span>

#### PlanetKit
<span style="font-size: 90%; color:#8FBC8F">
Client SDK to access LINE Planet servers.<br>
Integrating LINE Planet means integrating PlanetKit.
</span>

#### Caller, Initiator
<span style="font-size: 90%; color:#8FBC8F">
Terminal device that makes a new call or end user. <!--human은 빼도 되지 않을까요? ^^;;;-->
</span>

#### Callee, Responder
<span style="font-size: 90%; color:#8FBC8F">
Counterpart of the caller. Caller may want to call with a Callee.
</span>

#### AppClient
<span style="font-size: 90%; color:#8FBC8F">
Client application integrating PlanetKit SDK.
</span>

#### AppServer
<span style="font-size: 90%; color:#8FBC8F">
Server application that has connectivity to LINE Planet servers.
</span>

#### Session
<span style="font-size: 90%; color:#8FBC8F">
A call identification.
</span>

#### Service ID
<span style="font-size: 90%; color:#8FBC8F">
Planet can identify services with Service ID.<br>
All applications must define its own Service ID, using the following character set.<br>
</span>
<span style="font-size: 90%; color:orange">
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;letters[`a-z, A-Z`], digits[`0-9`], hyphens("-") and periods(".")<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Maximum length: 64 bytes
</span>

#### User ID
<span style="font-size: 90%; color:#8FBC8F">
Service subscriber identification. All User IDs belonging to one Service ID must be unique.<br>
The User ID accepted by LINE Planet must be defined with the following character set.<br>
</span>
<span style="font-size: 90%; color:orange">
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;letters[`a-z, A-Z`], digits[`0-9`], hyphens("-") and underscores("`_`")<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Maximum length: 64 bytes
</span>

#### Room ID
<span style="font-size: 90%; color:#8FBC8F">
Group call instance identification. Applications must join with the same room id to communicate with each other.<br>
The accepted character set is same with that of User ID as shown above.
</span>


#### Cellular network
<span style="font-size: 90%; color:#8FBC8F">
Mobile network. For example, 2G, 3G, 4G or 5G.
</span>


#### Cellular call
<span style="font-size: 90%; color:#8FBC8F">
General phone call through mobile network.
</span>


#### PlanetKit call, LINE Planet call
<span style="font-size: 90%; color:#8FBC8F">
VoIP call through PlanetKit. This call may use a Wifi network or data of mobile network.<br>
The data plan that users subscribed to could affect the quality of PlanetKit calls.
</span>

#### Confernce, Group call and room
<span style="font-size: 90%; color:#8FBC8F">
We interchangeably use these three 3 terms.
When 3 or more users hope to communicate, they can hold a conference or group call.
And, creating a conference or group call means that a room is created.
</span>

#### `evt` prefix, Event and Event parameters
<span style="font-size: 90%; color:#8FBC8F">
Event means a notification from PlanetKit to an application.
In the generality of cases, two events are involved when an application calls one PlanetKit API - a local event and a remote event.
The local event reports the result of the called PlanetKit API, and the remote event informs what has been triggered by its peer.<br>
Event parameters are related data generated by PlanetKit when a event has occurred.
</span>
